Hi everybody and welcome back.
Now we're moving into a new section and that section is called exceptions.
So what happens while running our programs and error occurs.
Well we've already seen several pilot errors during these lectures so intentional and most not intentional
pite and use of special objects called exceptions to manage errors that arise during the running of
a program.
We can write code to handle exceptions and our programs will continue to run if we don't our programs
will stop and show a traceback which includes a report of the exception that was raised exceptions are
handled with try except blocks a try except block as applied and do something.
But it also tells Python what to do if an exception is raised.
Try except blocks when things go wrong.
Users will see a helpful error message instead of the ugly traceback message that we've seen so far.
So let's jump right in and have a look at how we start creating these helpful error messages.
I see you in the next lecture.